README.md, before:

# WarriorJS Arena
Testing JS warriors on randomly generated levels

## Usage

Clone sources somewhere (there is no npm package for it yet).

Execute the command
```
npm install
```

Write your own warrior as it is described in [game rules](https://github.com/olistic/warriorjs#objective).

Put the js file with the code of your warrior into \players directory.

Run the game:
```
npm start ./configs/10-levels.json
```

Observe the summary of game results:
```
you    | Passed 50% | Total score 131
naive  | Passed 30% | Total score 48
runner | Passed 10% | Total score 12
```

## Config
The generated levels and rules can be configured with a json file.
You should pass it as a parameter to the program.

The example of configuration file:
```json
{
    "seed": 1,
    "levels": 10,
    "showDetails": false,
    "showEvents": false
}
```

Currently the following configuration values are supported:

### seed
The number or string that is used as a seed for the generated levels.
If omited then each run will be fully random.

### levels
The number of levels to generate or 5 by default.

### timeBonus
The time bonus or 15 by default.

### numUnits
The exact number of units (other from warrior). If not set then `minUnit` and `maxUnits` are used.

### minUnits
The minimum number of units (other from warrior) or 1 by default.

### maxUnits
The maximum number of units (other from warrior) or 5 by default.

### numFreeCells
The exact number of free cells. If not set then `minFreeCells` and `maxFreeCells` are used.

### minFreeCells
The minimum number of free cells or 0 by default.

### maxFreeCells
The maximum number of free cells or 4 by default.

### showDetails
Boolean indicating whether or not to show level image and the score each warrior earned at each level. False by default.

### showEvents
Boolean indicating whether or not to show the full log of events at each level. Requires `showDetails` to be set to `true`. False by default.

Commit message:

limiting levels, players, unit types and abilities

README.md, after:

# WarriorJS Arena
Testing JS warriors on randomly generated levels

## Usage

Clone sources somewhere (there is no npm package for it yet).

Execute the command
```
npm install
```

Write your own warrior as it is described in [game rules](https://github.com/olistic/warriorjs#objective).

Put the js file with the code of your warrior into \players directory.

Run the game:
```
npm start ./configs/10-levels.json
```

Observe the summary of game results:
```
you    | Passed 50% | Total score 131
naive  | Passed 30% | Total score 48
runner | Passed 10% | Total score 12
```

## Config
The generated levels and rules can be configured with a json file.
You should pass it as a parameter to the program.

The example of configuration file:
```json
{
    "seed": 1,
    "levels": 10,
    "showDetails": false,
    "showEvents": false
}
```

Currently the following configuration values are supported:

### seed
The number or string that is used as a seed for the generated levels.
If omited then each run will be fully random.

### numLevels
The number of levels to generate or 5 by default.

### timeBonus
The time bonus or 15 by default.

### numUnits
The exact number of units (other from warrior). If not set then `minUnit` and `maxUnits` are used.

### minUnits
The minimum number of units (other from warrior) or 1 by default.

### maxUnits
The maximum number of units (other from warrior) or 5 by default.

### numFreeCells
The exact number of free cells. If not set then `minFreeCells` and `maxFreeCells` are used.

### minFreeCells
The minimum number of free cells or 0 by default.

### maxFreeCells
The maximum number of free cells or 4 by default.

### showDetails
Boolean indicating whether or not to show level image and the score each warrior earned at each level. False by default.

### showEvents
Boolean indicating whether or not to show the full log of events at each level. Requires `showDetails` to be set to `true`. False by default.

### units
Array of strings describing units that can be generated. Default is `["sludge", "thickSludge", "archer", "captive", "wizard"]`.

### actions
Array of strings describing actions available to the player. Default is `["attack", "bind", "detonate", "explode", "pivot", "rescue", "rest", "shoot", "walk"]`.

### senses
Array of strings describing senses  available to the player. Default is `["directionOf", "directionOfStairs", "distanceOf", "feel", "health", "listen", "look"]`.

### players
Array of strings that specifies what players should take part in competition. Defaults to all players available in `/players` directory.

### levels
Array of numbers in the interval 1...`numLevels` that specifies what levels should be used in the competition. Defaults to all `numLevels` generated levels.
